Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-insertOne.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::insertOne()
================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Insert a single document into a MongoDB collection using PHP, with options for validation, codec, session, and write concern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Insert a single document into a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library, with options for validation, codec, session, and write concern.
```
